MCD migration - Add reference to Azure migration guidance (#4978)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/enterprise/ms-cloud-germany-transition.md

As a result of the migration, core customer data and subscriptions are moved to the new German datacenter regions.

> [!NOTE]

> > This documentation comprises guidance for the migration of Office 365 services only. Customers which are running additional Azure workloads in Microsoft Cloud Deutschland must consider the [Migration guidance for Azure Germany](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/germany/germany-migration-main).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This documentation comprises guidance for the migration of Office 365 services only. Customers who are running additional Azure workloads in Microsoft Cloud Deutschland must consider the [Migration guidance for Azure Germany](/azure/germany/germany-migration-main).
```
